Improve documentation (#1588)
swiftlang/vscode-swift: userdocs/userdocs.docc/Articles/Features/docc-live-preview.md

> # Documentation Live Preview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Documentation Live Preview

@Metadata {
    @Available("Swift", introduced: "6.2")
}
```

Show a live preview of your Swift documentation while editing.

> > Note: This feature is only available when using a Swift toolchain 6.2 or higher running on macOS or Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Shift this down below, and use the availability marker for the Swift language version to indicate this is Swift 6.2+ only

> The Swift toolchain comes with a built-in documentation compiler called DocC that can be used to build documentation for your Swift code. This documentation can then be distributed to developers or other contributors. It's what we used to make the documentation for vscode-swift! You can learn more about DocC by reading [the documentation on the Swift organization's website](https://www.swift.org/documentation/docc/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Swift toolchain provides DocC, which compiles documentation for your Swift package. You can distribute compiled documentation to developers, or host the content. It's what this project used to make its documentation! You can learn more about DocC by reading [the documentation on the Swift organization's website](https://www.swift.org/documentation/docc/).
```

> The Swift extension for VS Code can show you a side-by-side live preview of your documentation as you edit it. This feature can be accessed via the Preview Swift Documentation button at the top right of an editor or with the `Swift: Preview Documentation` command in the command palette. This will open up a new editor pane with your rendered documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View a side-by-side live preview of your documentation as you edit it with the Swift extension for VS Code.
Access this feature using the Preview Swift Documentation button at the top right of an editor, or be invoking `Swift: Preview Documentation` in the command palette.
 This opens up a new editor pane with your rendered documentation:
```

> ![An animation showing how to launch documentation live preview.](docc-live-preview.gif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![An animation showing how to launch documentation live preview.](docc-live-preview.gif)

> Note: This feature is only available when using a Swift toolchain 6.2 or higher running on macOS or Linux.

```
